vm: add experimental NodeRealm implementation (#47855)
nodejs/node: doc/api/errors.md

The linker function returned a module for which linking has failed.

<a id="ERR_VM_NODE_REALM_INVALID_PARENT"></a>

### `ERR_VM_NODE_REALM_INVALID_PARENT`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> The `createImport()` function was passed a valued that was neither
> a string or a `URL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `createImport()` function was passed a value that was neither
a string nor a `URL`.
```
